Readme.md, before:

# Project Name

A Clean Architecture project with a focus on Dependency Injection and Inversion of Control.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This project implements Clean Architecture with layers for application, domain, infrastructure, and presentation. It emphasizes Dependency Injection and Inversion of Control principles for a modular and maintainable codebase.

## Architecture Overview

The project is organized into the following layers:

1. **Application:** Contains application-specific business rules and orchestrates use cases.
2. **Domain:** Includes core business rules and entities.
3. **Infrastructure:** Deals with external concerns such as databases, APIs, and other frameworks.
4. **Presentation:** Manages user interfaces, input, and output.

The dependency rule ensures that dependencies only point inwards towards the core business rules, promoting testability and maintainability.

## Dependencies

List any external dependencies required to run the project, including libraries and frameworks. Provide instructions on how to install them.

## Getting Started

Include steps on how to set up the project locally. This may include instructions for cloning the repository, installing dependencies, and any necessary configurations.

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-project.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd your-project

# Install dependencies
npm install
```

Commit message:

Update project setup instructions and add contribution guidelines

Readme.md, after:

# Project Name

A Clean Architecture project with a focus on Dependency Injection and Inversion of Control.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This project implements Clean Architecture with layers for application, domain, infrastructure, and presentation. It emphasizes Dependency Injection and Inversion of Control principles for a modular and maintainable codebase.

## Architecture Overview

The project is organized into the following layers:

1. **Application:** Contains application-specific business rules and orchestrates use cases.
2. **Domain:** Includes core business rules and entities.
3. **Infrastructure:** Deals with external concerns such as databases, APIs, and other frameworks.
4. **Presentation:** Manages user interfaces, input, and output.

The dependency rule ensures that dependencies only point inwards towards the core business rules, promoting testability and maintainability.

## Dependencies

List any external dependencies required to run the project, including libraries and frameworks. Provide instructions on how to install them.

## Getting Started

Include steps on how to set up the project locally. This may include instructions for cloning the repository, installing dependencies, and any necessary configurations.

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Kashif-Kamran/01-Example_Program

# Navigate to the project directory
cd 01-Example_Program

# Install dependencies
npm install
# Run Prisma migrations
npx prisma migrate dev
# Usage

# Provide examples and explanations of how to use the project.

# Include any relevant code snippets or configurations.

# Run the application in development mode

# Run the application in development mode
npm run dev
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! To contribute to this project, please follow the guidelines outlined in our [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CONTRIBUTING.md).

If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or create a pull request.

Thank you for contributing to our project!
